welcome to Bristol City Football Club
what does the manager said about this
opportunity - yeah obviously it's a
great football club and I mean the
manager had a couple of meetings and he
was just explaining now we want to go
for it this year and obviously I'm good
friends with Sam bold I can either all
do been speaking to something you're
saying
a good chance this year and that's what
attracted me really it's gonna play a
good football club we've got a great
chance yeah chance meeting on holidays
he's got you this move then yeah saw the
gaffer out in Dubai and uh had a chat
with him seeing each other in the gym a
couple of times so yeah we had a couple
of chats and just arranged a meeting
from when we got back I've been talking
to a few clubs at the time so but when I
came and spoke to the manager and saw
his infuse doesn't mean what he wants to
do to Sue's and that's what impressed me
and that's what in the gym was a few
extra press ups just to show off and
make sure he sees you yeah yeah no I
think he said he was checking up that
was going on every day yeah someone
texting him so yeah but I just had a
program to do while I was over there
what I Gogh Crystal Palace so I just
kept it up and kept myself last night
last season like for you frustrating a
little bit at the start I didn't get
after playing the full hundred and
twenty minutes at Wembley to get Palace
promoted and then I didn't not to get
named in the Premier League squad in the
September was obviously disappointing
well I understand the transition of
football when I Club goes to the Premier
League they make a load of new signings
and I was unlucky to miss out a lot of
the lads was surprised by it and I had
an operation at the time anyway so I got
that sorted out and then when Tony plist
took over he said straight away that he
wanted me back in the dressing room back
involved so that gave me a lift and I
was involved for a few games not as many
as I would have liked was such a big
squad and we were doing so well at the
time you couldn't really argue the team
with performing every week so a little
bit frustrating I had a chance to go out
on loan to a few clubs but Tony Pierce
didn't want me to he said he'd need me
and he wanted me in the dressing room
and stuff so I was a little bit
frustrating to audience obviously just
looking forward now to coming playing
some football and being part of a good
team just reading some quotes you in the
summer you weren't surprised that you
didn't get New Deal dare at all no like
from January from when Tony Peola spot
Squad he was kind of talking to me about
next season what I had planned because
he knew that I knew the situation was 34
years old Crystal Palace have been Herod
a lot of money through getting up and
staying up and they want to they want to
sign different kind of players and I
understood it and I'm old and I've been
around the game long enough to
understand how it works and he was just
saying like you've been true
professional since you've been I'm gonna
help you if anyone rings me about yeah
you know I'll say and just keep keep
working out and you'll be involved and I
just kept working out till you end the
season rolling kept my head down
no worries coming from Prem pain to
leave 1 na na someone else said that to
me but I don't look at myself as some
Premier League star who's dropping down
I played a lot of games in Ligue 1 in
the career MK Dons Hall say so I've been
I've been around all the divisions and
no it's not it's not a step down to me
it's just a step in the right direction
took him play some football enough and a
good team
you mentioned Sam already did you speak
to him about this role yeah yeah spoke
to some there was interest in this in
the season and last season but obviously
Tony feuless didn't want me to go and
stuff so yeah I always beats of Sammy's
you don't keep in touch of everyone you
play football with but some is a really
good friend of mine so yeah we always
talk and yeah he was obviously telling
me it's a good club good set a lads good
manager and said they've got a real good
chance this year so that's what
attracted me hello Jay Manuel Thomas as
well I'm potentially more incomings over
the over the summer but when you come
into a club and you want to try and
build a relationship I suppose that's a
real boost to have yeah and I know Cory
Smith from Norwich as well so I was at
Norwich record for a couple of years so
I knew a few lads played against a few
of them a few times so yeah it's nice to
walk in and know a couple of faces just
to help you sell them but I've only
known him for a few hours but they all
seemed a really good group and great set
loads I know he's always positive in in
the close season but everyone's geared
up hopefully for at the top of the table
season yeah yeah we've that's what we're
going to do we shouldn't really talk
about it to start the season the old
cliche gotta take huge game as it comes
but we we want to try and do as well as
we can and get the Football Club work
the lungs and keep going up the leagues
and that's what we all trying to do
we're not coming to mess about coming to
work hard for each other and put on some
good performances